either than that then im alright.
wish had my jumper just so any teachers know or reception its not lost.
giga chad is mean to me.
am also excited to play the drums in tech.
cooll.
im feeling neutral today nothing special.
cold weather.
no but can sleep though just its hard to wake up.
like to playing rugby league.
every time woke up last night my ears got blocked so sad.
like this class.
today is the 1st of dhul hijiri.
im good the reasons why have been late couple times is because have to go to my friends house every day so have to wait for him to get ready because sometimes he wakes up at .
im happy but dont know why.
school is cool yay.
really enjoy talking with you and think am starting to get more confident to talk to other people.
maths whizz isnt working.
watched britains got talent last night amazing how have you been.
hi mr pether feeling not that good it hurts bad and blood came out of my mouth.
how is ur bay.
have to sit with someone that .
hello how are you.
am doing fine.
how doing.
its the last day of school.
no there is nothing to worry about.
slept in late until in the morning.
im elated but sad due to my teeth hurting so sad but im fine now how are you mr pether.
doesnt feel normal being in split class today but how are you.
no there is nothing to worry about.
seeing my friends.
might go to school tomorrow but my cold is not contagious, just so anyone reading this now knows.
playing touch with my freinds.
theres nothing to say.
love nevaeh.
after the incident happened this morning wasnt feeling me today but im recovering bit faster.
woke up at in the morning and couldnt go back to sleep.
hi mr pether.
my maths whizz and one more thing but dont want to tell.
im feeling neutral how are you feeling.
no there is nothing to worry about.
do not have covid yet, I am also feeling better now.
have great day.
my sister has big tummy ache and she keeps vomiting in other places so hope we can try and find way to make her better😢.
are you looking forward to this week.
hi mr pether you are cool.
hi mr pether.
cooll okk.
no there is nothing to worry about.
how has your week been mr pether.
coming back to school.
hi mr pether.
school fun .
no there is nothing to worry about.
im doing fabulous how are you.
would like to be in group toy story please.
how are you today.
no there is nothing to worry about.
couldnt sleep.
no there is nothing to worry about.
happy to be back at school.
nothing else to say except lost jumper.
fell like have bit of work that feels like ive done nothing.
have my hat off.
im happy because fiji team won.
no thank you.
no there is nothing to worry about.
school is boring.
no thank you.
cant eat any food and im already hungry.
no there is nothing to worry about.
there nothing much to say because the week has just started but if theres anything bad will let you know.
doodoodoodoodoo dora doodoodoodoodoo dora dora dora dora the explora doodoodoodoo.
mr peather is cool.
no there is nothing to worry about.
hamza and hammaad is cool.
feel motivated because get to see my friends.
hammaad muzzamil is the coolest.
because of hammaad.
my mom has covid.
it made me repeat the skodel checkin.
like thunder rain because of the rain hitting the roof tiles and the thunder sound cause of the rumbling it gives a good sleep sound.
woke up early in the morning maybe at and got really tired and couldnt go back to sleep.
no there is nothing to worry about.
went to sleep late and had to wake up very early.
there is nothing to worry about.
no thank you.
im okay thank you.
like this school its easy hammad and hamza are the best friends.
for hanging out wme.
want to crack my back because it hurts.
its great when get feedback from my work so can change it and make it clearer.
im just too happy today for some reason dont even know why.
think room is good but room is better.
hope mr comes back soon.
no there is nothing to worry about.
because we have to get split up and might not be in the same class with my friends.
no there is nothing to worry about.
its no fun without mr pether.
oops did not mean to say lack of sleep.
same thing its personal.
im feeling ok because have bit of headache.
im going to the doctors today to get my 2nd covid shot.
that we need to actually follow the schedule probably because we always off track from what it says like we have brain snacks at even though its suppose to be at .
hope my exams get good grades.
no thank you.
my neck, brain, arms, fingers and everything hurts but i am feeling fine.
am feeling happy because we survived fire drill and no one got hurt.
no there is nothing to worry about.
why cant we take our bags.
school is kinda boring because my year friends arnt here.
am tired because played soccer and it was so hot.
no there is nothing to worry about.
im good just tiredish.
there is noting to worry about just bit tired.
nothing .
am feeling good for once was tired in the morning and now im not also slept early so its good day.
no its all fine.
am tired beacuse played soccer in very hot.
my birthdays in days .
no thank you.
no it is okay.
became more skinny in holidays.
well yea had really big suprise party on my birthday and aslo got so many cool gifts.
came top last week.
mr im not really enjoying the work cause even if its lockdown still have lot to do also have tutoring and so the work is bit much for me.
its my birthday today.
no am so so happy to go back to school.
im playing my game on my phone and im nearly an list celeberity im so exited.
no im happy just bit tired .
no thx just worried wont make it in the finals to be house leader but know have to have postive attitude.
theres nothing.
miss my friends at school.
no im doing well.
love school and im gonna be really happy about it.
good but miss my friends.
would like to acuataly like to go back to school in real life but its ok guess its very boring though.
good just slightly upset its still online.
no thank you.
no all actually want to say is hope every single person is having great day .
happy with imigration we will be pr soon.
get annyoyed.
getting annoyed at home.
dont get to play game.
kinda happy and bored.
well think most of us miss our school life our friends and teachers but miss them the most and do have lot of fun at home like sleeping late and waking up late watching tv ad cooking but would really enjoy getting back to school.
happy janamashtmi.
feel tired beacuse have woke up early.
hate lock down because dont like to be limited and want to spend my time with my friends not at home and we only have like and half terms left.
dont know.
no thank you.
my dad brought me chocolate and hes running charity in india in my village and trying to upgrade the village by helping the poor people hes also running festival in our village and my aunts are going there.
dont want to come to school and want too sleep for hours and play my ps5 with my friends.
its nhu birthday today and she gave me lollie yay.
was at party last night and slept late.
dont know.
no thank you.
wanted to let my teacher know that he is the best teacher ever.
want to crack my back play games and and sleep for hours but im happy and grateful.
my aunts birthday is coming soon and spent dollars on new dress for me and dollars in total but my dad still gave me dollars for the school dairy that is why im greatfull.
me and my family are going to the ice mountain and going to rainbows end.
this is good class.
greek mythology.
getting above in my grades.
get good grades so can be successful.
im looking forward to more sports.
meet my aunt after years so she gifted me piggy bank and dollars had so much fun we also eat butter chicken.
do most of the work in my steam because work with boys so they basically reily on me to do itand they just talk and muddle around.
we dont have long long lunch and morning tea.
can we get prize for finishing so many books in epic please could be free time pe of even chocolate thank you.
im worried about smiriti.
my birthday is coming up may .
someone stole my dollar and forgot to tell my teacher.
im okay because get to spend time with my family but also hate this lock down and cant spend time with my friends.
